AWSO 2.6.0 updates (#2122)
SumoLogic/sumologic-documentation: docs/observability/aws/deploy-use-aws-observability/deploy-with-aws-cloudformation/index.md

1. Sign on to the AWS Management console.
1. Choose an option:
   * Click [this URL](https://console.aws.amazon.com/cloudformation/home#/stacks/quickcreate?templateURL=https://sumologic-appdev-aws-sam-apps.s3.amazonaws.com/aws-observability-versions/v2.6.0/sumologic_observability.master.template.yaml)
   * Click the AWS Observability Solution (S3 Link for cloudformation template): https://sumologic-appdev-aws-sam-apps.s3.amazonaws.com/aws-observability-versions/v2.5.1/sumologic_observability.master.template.yaml to invoke the latest Sumo Logic AWS CloudFormation template. If you would like to download or inspect this or other versions of this template, please visit [Change Log](../changelog.md).
    :::note

>  If you want to change the Collector Name and Source Categories of the Sumo Logic sources that are created by default, download CloudFormation template version 2.1.0 or greater and follow [these instructions](#modify-the-collector-name-and-source-categories) before proceeding on.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 If you want to change the Collector Name and Source Categories of the Sumo Logic sources that are created by default, download CloudFormation template version 2.1.0 or greater and follow [these instructions](#modify-the-collector-name-and-source-categories) before proceeding.
```

1. Sign on to the AWS Management console.
1. Choose an option:
   * Click [this URL](https://console.aws.amazon.com/cloudformation/home#/stacks/quickcreate?templateURL=https://sumologic-appdev-aws-sam-apps.s3.amazonaws.com/aws-observability-versions/v2.6.0/sumologic_observability.master.template.yaml)
   * Click the AWS Observability Solution (S3 Link for cloudformation template): https://sumologic-appdev-aws-sam-apps.s3.amazonaws.com/aws-observability-versions/v2.5.1/sumologic_observability.master.template.yaml to invoke the latest Sumo Logic AWS CloudFormation template. If you would like to download or inspect this or other versions of this template, please visit [Change Log](../changelog.md).
    :::note

>     In case you want to modify the Collector Name and Source Categories of the Sumo Logic sources that will be created by default, you can do so by downloading CloudFormation template version 2.1.0 or greater and following [these instructions](#modify-the-collector-name-and-source-categories) before proceeding to the next step. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
 If you want to change the Collector Name and Source Categories of the Sumo Logic sources that are created by default, download CloudFormation template version 2.1.0 or greater and follow [these instructions](#modify-the-collector-name-and-source-categories) before proceeding on.
```

| Prompt | Guideline |
|:--|:--|

> | Install AWS Observability apps and alerts | <ul><li>**Yes** –  Installs the apps (AWS EC2, AWS Application Load Balancer, Amazon RDS, AWS API Gateway, AWS Lambda, AWS DynamoDB, AWS ECS, Amazon ElastiCache, Amazon Classic Load Balancer, AWS NLB, Amazon SNS and Amazon SQS) and alerts for the AWS Observability Solution. All the apps are installed in the Sumo Logic AWS Observability  Personal folder in Sumo Logic and all alerts are installed in an AWS Observability folder of the Monitors folder.</li><li>**No** – Skips the installation of the apps.</li></ul> |

Reviewer 2: I'd write the names of the apps in a bullet list to make it readable.

Author: This similar approach is followed in multiple steps in the same doc, also, since these app names are called inside bracket it is mentioned in this way instead of bullet list.

Reviewer 2: We should make corrections then to make it readable.

Author: comments incorporated

> | Install AWS Observability apps and alerts | <ul><li>**Yes** –  Installs the apps (AWS EC2, AWS Application Load Balancer, Amazon RDS, AWS API Gateway, AWS Lambda, AWS DynamoDB, AWS ECS, Amazon ElastiCache, Amazon Classic Load Balancer, AWS NLB, Amazon SNS and Amazon SQS) and alerts for the AWS Observability Solution. All the apps are installed in the Sumo Logic AWS Observability  Personal folder in Sumo Logic and all alerts are installed in an AWS Observability folder of the Monitors folder.</li><li>**No** – Skips the installation of the apps.</li></ul> |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| Install AWS Observability apps and alerts | <ul><li>**Yes** –  Installs the apps (AWS EC2, AWS Application Load Balancer, Amazon RDS, AWS API Gateway, AWS Lambda, AWS DynamoDB, AWS ECS, Amazon ElastiCache, Amazon Classic Load Balancer, AWS NLB, Amazon SNS and Amazon SQS) and alerts for the AWS Observability Solution. All the apps are installed in the Sumo Logic AWS Observability  Personal folder in Sumo Logic and all alerts are installed in an AWS Observability folder of the Monitors folder.</li><li>**No** – Skips the installation of the apps.</li></ul> |
```
The last part of the para can be rephrased as "These apps will be installed in the Sumo Logic AWS Observability Personal folder, while the alerts will be installed in the Monitors folder.
Make the folder names bold.

Author: Comments addressed.
